I was wearing his game very well really
wearing he got one backhand in that
rally everything was concentrated to the
rank of forehand it's going to be the
foot speed of Roger Federer and cover
that will you open yourself up to this
just great speed and that's a fine shot
off beforehand NYX for the Australian
Open was fitara spended in Dubai just to
fine-tune a few things but big arrises
for it as far as needing coaches or
physical trainers
whoever they may be now it wasn't deep
enough and that were huh and again for
Speed racket hit speed at the end of
that shot just incredible never out of
any point is Roger Federer so dangerous
from any part of the court another flash
of brilliance
as out and serving at for one first set
76 percent on the first server Federer
impressive number younger players to
play some doubles when these days you
see a lot of Jews but to try and find
some form and to trying
it's wide and in 24 minutes the world's
number have a huge forhead chip charge
it's the hard part no ripping back
Hancock he's all business so quick he
recognizes short ball look where he is
in the court and to the point if they
hit anything short of a drink is going
to have to go for shots like that if
he's you know stem the tire to reverse
the momentum teeing up an absolute
slugfest
if the both of them having a good laugh
looking it across it one another so
that's good stuff
great bracketed speed from both of these
guys to good
off the back foot clubbing a forehand
down the lot they'll serve push this off
keep concentrating well measure to get
better into the court so quick racket
head speed row that's better
now that wasn't too bad a second serve
it's pretty deep and fit I was taking
one step and just crunched it well when
you're up six one five two this is what
you can do
loose feeling pretty good about yourself
just start crunching the ball and we're
needs
tough tough on his mate Marinka but rick
is really giving him a big confident
and there it is for the second time
Roger Federer is the